## Part 3: Generate Random Number

In order for this guessing game to work, we first need to have a number to guess! Go to ViewController.swift and add a function that will generate a random number called `generateRandomNumber`. Before we add any code to this function, we need to first add four variables that we will need for this game:

```swift
let lowerBound = 1
let upperBound = 100
var numberToGuess: Int!
var numberOfGuesses = 0
```
Now we can add the `generateRandomNumber` function to this file:

```swift
func generateRandomNumber() {
       numberToGuess = Int(arc4random_uniform(100)) + 1
   }
```
With this function, we randomly generate a number within the range of 1-100 and assign the number to the variable `numberToGuess`.

While this is great, we need to make sure that at the start of the app, a random number is generated. In order to do that, we will call the function we just created in the already existing `viewDidLoad` function in `ViewController.swift`:

```swift
override func viewDidLoad() {
       super.viewDidLoad()
       generateRandomNumber()
   }
```

Now when the application launches, a number will randomly be generated! Let's continue by finally connecting our submit button to the Swift file!

### A Button for All: IBAction
Just like we did for the label and the textfield in Part 2, go ahead and control-click the button and drag it to the corresponding Swift file. Within the little pop-up screen that appears as you release the connection, change the connection type from `Outlet` to `Action`. This allows you to link the button with a function. Go ahead and name the function `submitButtonPressed`. For now, just call the `generateRandomNumber` function within `submitButtonPressed`. We will change this later:

```swift
@IBAction func submitButtonPressed(sender: UIButton) {
    generateRandomNumber()
}
```
### Next Time

Now we have successfully connected our button to our code through an `IBAction` connection! In the next part, we will work on the logic behind the game!
